07/README.md, before:

# [Day 7: Internet Protocol Version 7][1]

While snooping around the local network of EBHQ, you compile a list of [IP
addresses][2] (they're IPv7, of course; [IPv6] is much too limited). You'd like
to figure out which IPs support *TLS* (transport-layer snooping).

An IP supports TLS if it has an Autonomous Bridge Bypass Annotation, or *ABBA*.
An ABBA is any four-character sequence which consists of a pair of two
different characters followed by the reverse of that pair, such as `xyyx` or
`abba`. However, the IP also must not have an ABBA within any hypernet
sequences, which are contained by *square brackets*.

For example:

* `abba[mnop]qrst` supports TLS (abba outside square brackets).
* `abcd[bddb]xyyx` does *not* support TLS (`bddb` is within square brackets, even though `xyyx` is outside square brackets).
* `aaaa[qwer]tyui` does *not* support TLS (`aaaa` is invalid; the interior characters must be different).
* `ioxxoj[asdfgh]zxcvbn` supports TLS (`oxxo` is outside square brackets, even though it's within a larger string).

*How many IPs* in your puzzle input support TLS?

Your puzzle answer was `115`.

[1]: http://adventofcode.com/2016/day/7
[2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IP_address
[3]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IPv6

Commit message:

Solution to second part of day 7 puzzle.

07/README.md, after:

# [Day 7: Internet Protocol Version 7][1]

While snooping around the local network of EBHQ, you compile a list of [IP
addresses][2] (they're IPv7, of course; [IPv6] is much too limited). You'd like
to figure out which IPs support *TLS* (transport-layer snooping).

An IP supports TLS if it has an Autonomous Bridge Bypass Annotation, or *ABBA*.
An ABBA is any four-character sequence which consists of a pair of two
different characters followed by the reverse of that pair, such as `xyyx` or
`abba`. However, the IP also must not have an ABBA within any hypernet
sequences, which are contained by *square brackets*.

For example:

* `abba[mnop]qrst` supports TLS (abba outside square brackets).
* `abcd[bddb]xyyx` does *not* support TLS (`bddb` is within square brackets, even though `xyyx` is outside square brackets).
* `aaaa[qwer]tyui` does *not* support TLS (`aaaa` is invalid; the interior characters must be different).
* `ioxxoj[asdfgh]zxcvbn` supports TLS (`oxxo` is outside square brackets, even though it's within a larger string).

*How many IPs* in your puzzle input support TLS?

Your puzzle answer was `115`.

# Part Two

You would also like to know which IPs support *SSL* (super-secret listening).

An IP supports SSL if it has an Area-Broadcast Accessor, or *ABA*, anywhere in
the supernet sequences (outside any square bracketed sections), and a
corresponding Byte Allocation Block, or *BAB*, anywhere in the hypernet
sequences. An ABA is any three-character sequence which consists of the same
character twice with a different character between them, such as `xyx` or
`aba`. A corresponding BAB is the same characters but in reversed positions:
`yxy` and `bab`, respectively.

For example:

* `aba[bab]xyz` supports SSL (`aba` outside square brackets with corresponding
  bab within square brackets).
* `xyx[xyx]xyx` does *not* support SSL (`xyx`, but no corresponding `yxy`).
* `aaa[kek]eke` supports SSL (`eke` in supernet with corresponding `kek` in
  hypernet; the `aaa` sequence is not related, because the interior character
  must be different).
* `zazbz[bzb]cdb` supports SSL (`zaz` has no corresponding `aza`, but `zbz` has
  a corresponding `bzb`, even though `zaz` and `zbz` overlap).

*How many IPs* in your puzzle input support SSL?

Your puzzle answer was `231`.

[1]: http://adventofcode.com/2016/day/7
[2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IP_address
[3]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IPv6
